All The Way by Charles Bukowski

If - Rudyard Kipling, Dennis Hopper on Johnny Cash Show

By Subtle Analogy

I have once discovered a poem that cradled the very definition of Wisdom.
It simply said:

Quote by Walt Whitman

Who, out of the theory of the earth and of his or her body understands by
subtle analogies all other theories,
The theory of a city, a poem, and of the large politics of these States;

Walt Whitman

Walt Whitman

Favorite Poem Project: Kosmos by Ms. Browne

Quote by Walt Whitman

I sound my barbaric yawp over the rooftops of the world.

Walt Whitman

YAWP - Dead Poets Society

Why do we read and write poetry?

Please, Read & Write Poetry.

Do not forget that you are full of poems, that those who are walking near
your footsteps, need.
Find Rhymes, Write Poems.
Become a Great Being.

The Owl and the Pussycat

The Owl and the Pussycat at Wikipedia.

The Owl and the Pussycat

The Road Not Taken, by Robert Frost

And Still I Rise - Maya Angelou

Ozymandias by Percy Bysshe Shelley

Stopping by Woods on a Snowy Evening by Robert Frost

A Dream Within A Dream by Edgar Allan Poe

Marianne Verville: Fire and Ice by Robert Frost

2014 National Champion Anita Norman (TN) recites The Layers by Stanley Kunitz

Poetry Out Loud 2012 NJ State Finals: Brianne Barker performs Snow Day

The Great Dictator Speech - Charlie Chaplin

Carl Sagan

Science & Progress

"To free the world, to do away with National Barriers. Greed, hate,
intolerance. Let us fight for a world of reason, a world where science and
progress will [lead us all] to happiness."
Read You Poems, Record Them, Upload Them. Practice. Share, Teach and
Inspire.

Morgan Freeman recites 'Invictus' from memory on Charlie Rose (about Nelson Mandela)

Invictus by William Ernest Henley (1875)

O Captain, my Captain! - Thank you to Robin Williams

The Simpsons - Edgar Allan Poe: The Raven

Ravens can talk!


[Find Rhymes]: https://www.rhymezone.com/
[The Owl and the Pussycat at Wikipedia]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Owl_and_the_Pussy-Cat