Hans Zimmer - interview influences and backgrounds

Richard Feynman's Criticism on School Systems

Elon Musk knocks the college experience

Notes from an Imaginary High School: A Quick Reminder

We knew there was no conspiracy, no deliberate ill intent, no plan tobetray a student for a paycheck.
Many of the teachers were our friends, family, people we admired. Many feltbad about the level of education we were receiving.
But, whether they liked it or not, consciously or subconsciously, at theend of the day, it was clear that the teachers were forcing us to memorizefor long enough to pass standardized testing, and the administration didn'thave a problem with that.

De-Grading Education by Elizabeth Wissner-Gross

Paved with Good Intentions

They meant no harm, they did it so that they could get paid, so that theschool could get funding, so that everyone would keep their job. But thosewho didn't rise against it caused harm. They interfered with our realeducation, harming creativity, erasing individuality.
In K-12 they taught us that delicate hearts belonged with mommy at home,that bullies were a fact, and life is never fair. They hurt our hearts, andshamed us by saying. "Oh, just grow up, already! Because, you need toimprove your grades."

The Surprising Truth About Learning in Schools by Will Richardson

We Were Mislead

"Today, we'll get it all working, and today we'll get paid. Tomorrow,tomorrow, when everything is worked-out and working, we'll get to thestudents - one thing at a time." - They'd say.
But we knew that tomorrow never comes, once the new day starts, it isalready today. The tomorrow they thought of, was more of a garbage can fornice-to-haves.
They were working very hard, and it was all very hard work. But they didn'thave the strength to do both, their job, and make schools work.
In effect, everyone forgot about us. They forgot we were the point and thefuture. Their aim was no longer our education, but merely staying inbusiness by arranging for what in effect became, an impression of one.

Twists & Turns

To accomplish all this, some changes needed to be made, they firstconvinced themselves that they were doing a great job so as long as theywere working hard, and then some things needed to be taken away, and a fewneeded to be twisted around.
We were forced to recognize that teachers work really, really hard, thatthe administration works very hard, it is all hard work, extremelystressful. People give up days off, cancel vacations, make sacrifices.
To question administration or teachers while they work that hard, makes fora heartless, cruel, shameful petty little student.

Nataly Buhr

How Unfortunate...

"Focus on the positive, on how hard we work and how far we've cometogether." - They'd say, ever so lovingly.
Void of context, many of the shallow arguments the teachers made couldalmost stand up to a proper debate.
But we remained unconvinced because teaching is not just a job. It is notan ordinary job, and it is not just about knowledge.

Teaching is Complex

Teaching requires that the Teacher first comprehends each of the Students,understands their existing body of knowledge, manner of learning, and findsa way to genuinely communicate with them.
Tracking is not that hard, a pencil or a Concept Mapping tool will do.

Concept Mapping with Cmap

Teaching is Complex and Rewarding

Teaching should respectfully extend their existing knowledge. The teachermust know if fascination with Dinosaurs will head towards Paleontology,Biology, Ecology, and keep an eye on progression of that path (if said pathcontinues) to see is they have a Cell Bilogist, Astrobiologist,Evolutionary Biologist, or maybe a Writer, in their class.
The complexity of teaching may actually scale with the reward, howfantastic it must be to help our Dino Girl to ponder inter-planetarycross-contamination from the Chicxulub crater and witness her journey leantowards Astrobiology and an internship at NASA/ESA, possibly a career.
Now, pushing her away from what moves her, grading her down for it, andforcing her to memorize whatever is in the curriculum so that she may passthe grade. That is something else... And the answer to how many childrenwere hurt this way, is: all of them, in every school, on everycontinent, in every country, state and district.
Schools interrupt education.
They destroy careers, passions, inspirations, talents, and genius. They doit just a split second before the Kids know how to protect it.
They destroy The Shy, The Delicate, The Compassionate.
They destroy Pacifists, Leaders, Scientists, Inventors, Dreamers, Poets,Artists, Sculptors, Musicians, Adventures, Writers, Makers, Heroes.

A picture of a real blackboard in a library taken from F**k Grades byDenise Dutton.
Prof. Dutton does not postulate a 2.* GPA student in her talk.
I think the person that wrote this was a young woman. And this might havebeen her last act of defiance in that school.
We lost a wise and delicate being, a leader, a scientist, maybe a writer,to silence, rejection, shunning.
That late-night scribble is clear Evidence of Exceptional Ability. This issomeone we each admire, someone Beautifully Courageous.
But she left, she's gone. They gave her a 2.0 for Leadership,Unbreakability, Heroism, for spending her last semester reading books sheloved, at the school library she loved, right before getting thrown out.
Thrown out by people that didn't know what they were doing, but they sureas hell worked hard at doing it.
Thrown out for unobstructed pursuit of Wisdom.

Lux Et Veritas (Enlightenment and Authenticity)

Above all, school is a place of healing, it is a sacred place.
The School Library is even more sacred, it is a place for YoungPhilosophers.
School is about safety and security and protection, first.
It must be a place where we can safely grow, study both Life, and Wisdom.Search for Enlightenment and Authenticity.
Education is about mental health, learning to live.
Learning to avoid what is not life.
Not starting at zero, but rather resuming at where the greatest minds leftoff.
The teachers were supposed to work for us first. Only upon genuinelyenabling us to comprehend new things, should they be rewarded.

How Evil...

Alas, teaching whilst failing to educate, is fraud.
Parading the coffee lovers, who want to breeze through with a 4.0 GPA, toget the hell out, and move past this damn charade. Parading them assuccessfully educated students, is fraud.
Making the quiet girl cry because she wanted to comprehend and not merelymemorize, is evil.
Turning face away, when the fat kid is being bullied, beaten, assaulted,threatened, kicked, held down, spat upon, is evil.
Sending a kid back home, when you just witnessed his father beating him inthe bathroom for the bad grades he ended up with, because he can't memorizeanything when he is under constant threat from everybody, is evil.
Failing to authentically educate, and then grading down those who rejectedthe memorization dog and pony show, is evil.
Pretending to teach under the poisonous threat of repeating the grade oryear, semester or class, threatening kids to stop learning, and startmemorizing, is evil.
Sending kids home to angry, often violent parents, because they rejectedfake education, fake tests, fantasy GPA, is evil.

Do schools kill creativity? by Sir Ken Robinson

Toxic, Fractured, Hoop Jumping

School doesn't just kill creativity, genius, talent, inspiration andpassion, it kills learning too.
The toxic mixture of irrelevant babble, easy to cram for tests, and Life &Career threatening GPA; forces the student to abandon Authentic Educationfor curriculum-hoop jumping.

F**k Grades by Denise Dutton

We Were All Geniuses, We Were Mislead

We were taught that genius is rare, that creativity is reserved for thosewho have talent, that good grades get a good job, that only the smart acethe tests, and that to pass a test we need to cram harder and take morenotes, that grade-point-average is the measure of a human - because that ishow the world works.
And work...
Work would set us free.
We were scared, because there was no road ahead. There was no clearauthentic future.
Not without that same charade, that inauthenticity, that glass of fashion,that mold of form that we were being pressed into, and everyone elsealready accepted, and blindly participated in.

Erica Goldson

Trigonometry, Triceps and Triceratops

At first we thought we were the losers. We certainly had the grades toprove it. We formed a club. We sarcastically called it The Breakfast Clubafter an old movie. We expected to be held back, and eventually kicked out.
We didn't expect to be seen as the gifted ones.
But we had the gift of courage, the gift of search for a clear road ahead.And that road turned out to be becoming a Businessperson, a Founder, a CEO.It was a path that mixed education with rewards, leading onward toindependence and a majestic triumph, albeit through many a failure.
In school, we were being forced to memorize Trigonometry, Triceps andTriceratops, when what we really needed was help with finding investors toscale our little Breakfast Club business.

How School Makes Kids Less Intelligent by Eddy Zhong

The Courageous & The Fallen

The others secretly saw us as courageous, strong and unbreakable, healthyand authentic. But they didn't really know how to relate to us. We were thesame but they were too confused by the noise of homework, quizzes, tests,and grades, chores, parents, circles, and punishment, punishment everywhere.
The threat of repeating classes, reliving the same noise, or being heldback was exactly like prison. Neurologically, Threat and Punishmentinterferes with Neurogenesis. For the most Delicate, it wasn't justdifficult to cram and memorize, it might have been neurologicallyimpossible.

Mad World, Our Club

Angelheaded Hipsters

The biggest of the troublemakers had the most brittle souls, they were thefirst to shine, the mightiest of the thinkers, the best of the survivors,but tragically also the first to have their spark dim under threat andpressure.
Already forged in battle at home, the betrayal of schooling was the tippingpoint for many.
They just couldn't resist parents, or pressure, or grades, not for thatlong, it was not human to live perpetually frightened in constant fear.
The schools added to the dark forces already crushing them, the teacherswere supposed to kindle their flame, but they filled their vessel and oftenextirpated their spark.

Quote by Allen Ginsberg

I saw the best minds of my generation destroyed by madness, starvinghysterical naked, dragging themselves through the negro streets at dawnlooking for an angry fix, angelheaded hipsters burning for the ancientheavenly connection to the starry dynamo in the machinery of night...

Allen Ginsberg

We Didn't Forget About The Fallen

We'd see it the moment it happened, overnight they'd end up switchingcrowds.
The teachers, who were supposed to be their protectors, and their hope andinspiration, would eventually notice the transition as well, but perverselythey would think to themselves "I was correct, I always knew that one was aloser too."

The Club

People tried to help, but they didn't know how.

Someone said that the only reason the teachers seemed to know more than wedid, was because they had to regurgitate that same stuff every year to keeptheir jobs...
Each time it came up; there was always someone to say that they wanted tohelp us, but in the end they seemed to have wanted to assimilate anddestroy, embrace and extinguish. Get the gifted ones out of the system tomake things easier for themselves, to calm the waters - if nothing sticksout, it must be all good.
Nobody, really, took grades seriously because of how easy it was to crambefore a test, pass it, and forget it. Since tests did not representstudent knowledge, grades did not represent the student. Everyone knewthis, nobody said anything because once the students realized the schoolwas mostly a charade they just wanted to graduate and move on.
Overwhelming majority of Teachers didn't want to change anything becausethey didn't want to make their job any harder, they just want to get paidand go home. Statistically half of them quit anyway.
Management was focused on grade points and funding.
Everybody else was parading solutions, but there was no time, any extraswere aimed at symptoms, extras just added to the weight of existingproblems.
The root cause was that we were not safe, and we were not learning.

Waiting For Superman

We Set Ourselves Free, to Live Authentic, to Invent, to Triumph.

We accepted the responsibility for our own education.
We begun learning on our own, through internet, Audio Books, trial anderror.
We begun building more and more small companies, and the more we failed thewiser we became.
The moment schools begun interfering with our companies, with making moneythat we used to support ourselves, we became dropouts.
But we did look back, we aimed to fix Education. To make all thosecountless forgotten aches and pains count.

We Changed The World

At first, nobody wanted to talk to us.
There was a problem with how Investors viewed people who paraded their GPAor even completed schools.
The Investors didn't want followers, and above all they didn't wantcheaters that tried to pass their GPA as something authentic or evenmeaningful.
The Investors sought Natural Born Leaders, they sought Evidence ofExceptional Ability.
The Investors sought people who rejected the inauthenticity of brokeneducation and didn't partake in stupid charades.
It was almost like High School became a mechanism to keep theadministration busy, the teachers blind, the students poor, and the parentsdreaming.

The Fierce & Authentic

Staying in school had a negative impact on our education, on our futures.College and Premed brought sleep deprivation into the farce, it was adangerous joke.
In the end all we had was our friendship. The school was tearing us apart,the Start-ups kept us together.
Looking back at how young we were, how unbreakable, how fierce.
Though we didn't believe in schools, we doubted ourselves for years. Now,looking back, we searched for mentors, but none were to be found. But, inthe absence of teachers, we became the teachers.
To quote an old commercial: We were The Crazy Ones, The Misfits, TheRebels, The Troublemakers, the round pegs in the square holes, the ones whosaw things differently, who were not fond of rules, and had no respect forthe status quo.
We were the ones crazy enough to think we could change the world...
... and we did ...


[F**k Grades byDenise Dutton]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xz-gVKwWNzs