Why most students are getting the least out of school by Dan Cardinali

Poverty Of Mind Comes From Lack Of Non Cognitive Skills

Dan Cardinali's definition of Non Cognitive Skills includes the following:Building grit, and resilience, and persistence, and self-regulation. He'sdescribing skills of a Warrior, a Fighter, an Authentic Grown Up.
Dan Cardinali explains that ideally families should provide Non CognitiveSkills (Child Development), and then schools will deliver AcademicDevelopment (Math, History, Physics).
But this is not how it works today, well to do parents are too busy,parents stricken by poverty can't have time, and non-cognitive skilldevelopment is not only unavailable, but is often laughed at by teachers"Parents do your job." they brainlessly utter.
Above all, a child born to the culture of poverty (lacking non-cognitiveskills) will often remain in the culture of poverty be it dropping out orgraduation. The steps out and up are just too far apart.

How dare you.
How. Dare. You.
Image from The Surprising Truth About Learning in Schools by WillRichardson

The Battle Against Poverty of Mind

It is correct to say that Poverty of Mind is rooted in lack of NonCognitive Skills.
An example of poverty of mind is inability to have an expensive lunch withan internship company CEO. Out of fear of not knowing EVERYTHING! fromhow to get a table to when to order, or even if it is OK to just have thecute little bagel and focus on the questionnaire. Lunch, if not impossible,can be impossibly terrifying.
There is no breaking out of poverty when every-step induces fear,confusion, anxiety.
To be clear, the ultimate aim for both Student and Principal. Almostalways, is to rise and break away, become a CEO.
Become an inspiration and a teacher; to make life more. To then retire comethe Golden Age of Wisdom and write. Write about the lessons that counted tomake them last even longer. Create an Audio Book in your own voice in hopesof it being used 50 years from now to Rise & Learn to Really Learn. What anHonor to have your spirit revived by means of Admiration and Love, your ownvoice across decades, maybe centuries, maybe forever.
Instead, the children are getting scared, mostly because they can seeschools are forcing irrelevant learning that fades away. It is impossibleto retain irrelevant knowledge. In context of education, forcing irrelevantknowledge and grading a student down for lack of retention is evil.
And here the child does not want the job because it has too manycomplications, can't even have the internship lunch because it is tooterrifying, and can't conceive of the notion of connecting with the CEO insuch a way as to eventually resign position and start a company in asimilar sector.
They are scared, sometimes crushed, but far too brave to show you...Principal.
We know what happens to most young people that can't handle fear ordepression.

The Power of a Teacher by Adam Saenz

A Place of Healing

Be it by intent or ignorance, anybody taking part in the fracturing ofminds, and young minds especially, is just another monster.
A school must become a place of healing before it can hope to teach.
It must protect against all kinds of poverty, and bad parents, dangerousculture and bad ideas.
Today school is a bad place. Just another broken promise.

Elon Musk knocks the college experience

Quote by Elon Musk

[My] recruiting does not have anything that says "Requires University"because that's absurd, but there is a requirement of evidence ofexceptional ability. [...] I don't consider going to college evidence ofexceptional ability in fact ideally you dropped out and did something[exceptional].

Elon Musk

The Battle Against Poverty of Mind

What can be easier than to help a child grow?
what can be more rewarding than to be Admired, Loved, Remembered? To have aHigh School named after you upon your retirement, and have every studentthat goes there at least look at your picture with your beloved studentshugging you as if you were their own Mother.

A Meaningful Life Calls For Real Education

Focus on Real Education, not Administration. If you need money, then lookto your students.
Become a Start-up Accelerator. Give them initial mentoring and funding,Take a small percentage of their earnings in return for the initial fundingand in order to fund other start-ups. Take only for a small number ofyears, and only what you need. Get out of their way.
Never forget, Principal. You serve The Kids, The Students, they are thepoint of it all, they are the future. The Children are not your means tostaying in business and getting paid- that would make you a Monster and aFraud.
The best way to fight poverty in a person's mind, is to set a student upfor a job so high up, that it will make them want to run out of the schoolquietly-yelling and hope they never need to come back.
A prestigious position at a local Hospital as a Research Nurse that keepseveryone informed a month ahead of time, a complicated job at the Libraryof Congress, or as Someone Amazing at the Detroit Institute of Arts.
Set a step so high, that it is already a healthy career but completelyunreachable to the child, the step up being, Just Impossible. And thenslowly, build. But smaller steps, and maybe even smaller, or maybe even anon-ramp for a smooth ride.

Image from Can anyone become a genius? by Mark Diaz

Every Developmental Opportunity

It is not just "grit, and resilience, and persistence, andself-regulation", Dan Cardinali shows that Talitha Halley had enormousamount of help beyond Belief and Love which is already wonderful. DonnaWatkins (Talitha's community-school site coordinator) looked for everydevelopmental opportunity.
Talitha must have said she was scared to go to the Fancy Lunch and Donnacame to her rescue, that is so brave and so sweet.

CIS Alum Talitha Halley appears on MSNBC 5/5/15

Non Cognitive Skills Must Come First

Academic Development can't succeed on its own, it is incompatible with whowe are, we are not machines that can make room for knowledge on ourlong-term storage drive. Even with a blooming ecosystem of Memory Palaces,that which is irrelevant to out Hearts and Existence will be soon forgotten.
This parade through classes, levels, and subjects is a waste of time. Ourtime is precious, life is so dear. There simply is no time for charades.
Principal, stand up, and deliver.


[The Surprising Truth About Learning in Schools by WillRichardson]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sxyKNMrhEvY
[Can anyone become a genius? by Mark Diaz]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mQPEZdBTOeE