Finding Joe

Quote by Sun Tzu

Victorious warriors win first and then go to war, while defeated warriorsgo to war first and then seek to win.

Sun Tzu

Viktor Frankl

Quote by Viktor E. Frankl

Don't aim at success. The more you aim at it and make it a target, the moreyou are going to miss it. For success, like happiness, cannot be pursued;it must ensue, and it only does so as the unintended side effect of one'spersonal dedication to a cause greater than oneself or as the by-product ofone's surrender to a person other than oneself. Happiness must happen, andthe same holds for success: you have to let it happen by not caring aboutit. I want you to listen to what your conscience commands you to do and goon to carry it out to the best of your knowledge. Then you will live to seethat in the long-run - in the long-run, I say! - success will follow youprecisely because you had forgotten to think about it.

Viktor E. Frankl

Choose Life

Warrior is the oldest name for it. Since our days in Africa we haveprogressed forward and the word has evolved many times.
At each stage there are strong lessons to be learned, directly, orindirectly.
Whatever your calling, wherever you break away to make your stand, even ifyou fail to reach the top of your mountain, know that you will surely reachthe rays of the sun, know that you will become part of the Great Family ofHeroes, know that countless many will follow, and that your footsteps willbecome a well worn path, in time.
The lessons come from Philosophers, Scientists, Thinkers, Soldiers,Presidents, Athletes, Mercenaries, Murphy’s Law, Mighty Little Girls &Young Ladies, Mothers, Sisters, Brothers, and Fathers. From empathy andcompassion, joy and tragedy, triumph and disaster, and great challengeslike learning to live and grieve at the same time, or standing with thedemonized, disposable, or voiceless.
The lessons come from, Choosing Life.
To progress forward, we must be ready to learn to understand by subtleanalogy from all other theories. Theories of survival, of living above thecommon levels of life, of choosing heroism, choosing greatness. Striving tothrive, rising to impossible challenges, learning to overcome pain andsuffering, and standing upon the shoulders of giants to lead the way forothers to follow.

Kosmos

Kosmos
Walt Whitman

Who includes diversity and is Nature,
Who is the amplitude of the earth, and the coarseness and sexuality ofthe earth, and the great charity of the earth and the equilibrium also,
Who has not look’d forth from the windows the eyes for nothing, or whosebrain held audience with messengers for nothing,
Who contains believers and disbelievers, who is the most majestic lover,
Who holds duly his or her triune proportion of realism, spiritualism, andof the æsthetic or intellectual,
Who having consider’d the body finds all its organs and parts good,
Who, out of the theory of the earth and of his or her body understands bysubtle analogies all other theories,
The theory of a city, a poem, and of the large politics of these States;
Who believes not only in our globe with its sun and moon, but in otherglobes with their suns and moons,
Who, constructing the house of himself or herself, not for a day but forall time, sees races, eras, dates, generations,
The past, the future, dwelling there, like space, inseparable together.