Sir Galahad

As we grew so did our grasp on the Human Condition, from bloody and warringclans of duty and loyalty a new kind of class emerged.
The Knight of Virtue.
Internal influences are as just as powerful at changing a human, as theexternal ones. To internalize Knightly Virtues, to live by them, to triumphby them, became a sure way to become a hero.
Forbearance, Hardihood, Largesse, Benevolence, and Honour.

Sir Galahad
Alfred Lord Tennyson

My good blade carves the casques of men,
My tough lance thrusteth sure,
My strength is as the strength of ten,
Because my heart is pure.

Men of Pure Heart

Superheroes like Galahad carried a message that put servitude second.For one cannot uphold the Knightly Virtues whilst blindly following ordersissued by someone who does not strive to uphold them.

Knight's Oath

The right can never die, If one man still recalls, The words are notforgot, If one voice speaks them clear, The code forever shines, If oneheart holds it bright.
The knight is sworn to valor, His heart knows only virtue, His bladedefends the helpless, His might upholds the weak, His words speak onlytruth, His wrath undoes the wicked.

Authenticity

A code of conduct that aimed to revolve around Authenticity, was born.

Quote by Walter Scott

Chivalry! - why, maiden, she is the nurse of pure and high affection, - thestay of the oppressed, the redresser of grievances, the curb of the powerof the tyrant - Nobility were but an empty name without her, and libertyfinds the best protection in her lance and her sword.

Walter Scott

Pursuits of Excellence

What we know of the superheroes of middle ages comes from poems andrecreations of the lost arts.

King Arthur's Origins

Swordplay and the Lost Art of Knighthood

Above the Common Levels

By subtle analogy to high pursuits in modern era, we can estimate that toaim for greatness, to climb the highest of mountains built Hardihood,enabled Largesse, taught Benevolence, and helped with Honour.
The stories of Virtuous Knights are journeys of pursuit of knowledge, andself discovery, of trials and tribulations, of overcoming and rising, oftriumph and disaster.
To search for the Grail, or Arthur, Percival, or Galahad, and the others;was to find the Knightly Virtues and Wisdom set to timeless songs and poems.


[Galahad]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Galahad