Peace Corps

Live Deliberately

I beg the youngest of you, to arrange your life in such a way so that eachchallenge before you, is the hardest thing you have ever done.
To paraphrase Thoreau: I beg you to live and grow up deliberately, to frontonly the essential facts of life, to see what love of wisdom has to teach,and not, when it comes to die, discover that you, my dear friend, had. not.yet. lived.
Life is not random, it is not an accident, you are an emergent plateau inan infinity of time ahead. You are needed, and your lasting contributionsare necessary.

Murray Gell-Mann On Emergence

Growing Up

Humanity must break away from the circles. Progress in the larger world,begins with you, at home, right now. Just the moment you say, “I am notsmart enough”, “I am not a hero”, “I will never be heard”, “I will never beenough”, “Too Scary!”. That is how every hero begun, by measuring up; andthen by growing up to the challenges before us.

Universal Declaration of Human Rights

Universal Declaration of Human Rights

New Voices

The Universal Declaration of Human Rights needs work, each generationneeds to update it and extend it beyond what it is today, grant it newvoices - and there are bright new voices to be heard.

Mad world - the voice of china

Never Silenced

And there are voices that never stopped, fell out of the modern spotlight,but were never silenced, and never tired. No more circles.

Michelle Alexander

Quote by Michelle Alexander

I hope we will commit ourselves to building a human rights movement to endmass incarceration. A movement for education, not incarceration. A movementfor jobs, not jails, and a movement to end all those forms of legaldiscrimination against people released from prison. Discrimination denyingthem basic human rights to work, to shelter, and to food.

Michelle Alexander

Michelle Alexander

73.5 million people in the United States have a criminal record. MichelleAlexander wrote a book entitled The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarcerationin the Age of Colorblindness which is also available as anAudiobook

Bryan Stevenson: We need to talk about an injustice.

Quote by Bryan Stevenson

“Each of us is more, than the worst thing we’ve ever done.”
“Our humanity depends on everyone’s humanity.”
“Opposite of poverty is justice.”

Bryan Stevenson

Bryan Stevenson

Bryan Stevenson has helped achieve United States Supreme Court decisions that prohibit sentencing children under 18 to death or to life imprisonment without parole.

How America's public schools keep kids in poverty: Kandice Sumner

Kandice Sumner's Prevention

Kandice Sumner's idea beyond share & donate, is prevention. She sees young children asking powerful questions. She is trying to help them inherit wisdom from books, stories, history, and push them away from poverty.

Heroes Lost

It is heartbreaking that videos like “Don’t Talk to the Police” must exist.A Police Officer must also be a Hero, a force of Goodness. Any compromisebetween good and evil only hurts the good and helps the evil.

Don't Talk to the Police

The Walkouts

December 10th, is The Human Rights Day and yet again, the hopelessnessturns to hope as we are granted a globally recognized focal point, and anopportunity to stand on the shoulders of giants.
When this nation is ready, December 10th will become the walkout day. ForDistrict Judges, their staff, Attorneys, their assistants, for Bad Cops,Good Police Officers, and their COs. On their mind will be the thought,that to create a life long, legal, discrimination against an individual, isa Human Rights violation. It should be impossible to ask the legalcommunity to follow the rule of law in the short term, and violate HumanRights in the long run.

Poverty of Mind

Poverty, plays a massive role in crime. We learn in this letter thatopposite of poverty is justice, in other words, poverty is an injustice.Can we serve as an impartial juror, knowing that the defendant would likelynot commit the crime, had they not been fractured by poverty? Every childhas a bright future ahead, Art, Music, Ultramarathons, Astrophysics -goodness - Combinatorial Genomics, and Astrobiology. But poverty isextremely corrosive, too corrosive to handle, not only in it self, but inthe surrounding culture that it frequently creates. Poverty is a virusarmed with addiction, abuse, intolerance, xenophobia, violence, and darkblind stupidity.

How I spent 32 years in prison by George Martorano

The Challenge

Some years from now we will accept the challenge that Michelle Alexanderput us to, and we will learn to look ahead far enough to begin to put manymore things right.
In great part because of you, my Dear Reader. Because you will raise yourchildren, with the Universal Declaration of Human Rights high up on thewall. Both as a sacred document, and as an aim for your child to grow uphigh enough, to make lasting contributions to, a reminder that growing up,is not optional.
My Dear Heroes, here in US, a state law that goes against federal law isnull and void. It is my hope that some day, a much more powerful UniversalDeclaration of Human Rights may render both State and Federal laws null andvoid. We are one family, one people.
I ask you to build homes with the belief that the inherent dignity andequal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family are thefoundation of freedom, justice and peace in all of the world, becauseour humanity depends on everyone’s humanity.

The Hero and The Runaway

We'll put things right, we'll fix it all.

Heroism

Don’t be frightened of becoming a hero. It is always the longest possibleway there, and it is always on the shoulders of giants, my friends.
By rising to the challenge, you become part of the family of great heroes,of great beings. You see, the adults are not going to run the worldforever, by the time you become an adult, they are going to retire.
The job will belong to you. Break out of the circles, and aim up, all theway up.
All the bad ideas must be left behind, and all the good ideas put in oneplace where we can each share in them, where every member of the humanfamily can Converge on Wisdom.

World Crisis

The human family is not divided by political borders. Kandice’s kids aren’tthe only kids that need help. This is not just a national crisis, it is aglobal one.


[Universal Declaration of Human Rights]: https://librivox.org/the-universal-declaration-of-human-rights-by-the-united-nations/
[MichelleAlexander]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michelle_Alexander
[The New Jim Crow: Mass Incarcerationin the Age of Colorblindness]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_New_Jim_Crow
[Audiobook]: https://www.audible.com/pd/The-New-Jim-Crow-Audiobook/B007QW236E
[Bryan Stevenson]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bryan_Stevenson
[Kandice Sumner's]: https://www.ted.com/speakers/kandace_sumner
[The Human Rights Day]: https://www.un.org/en/events/humanrightsday/
[the inherent dignity andequal and inalienable rights of all members of the human family are thefoundation of freedom, justice and peace in all of the world]: https://www.un.org/en/universal-declaration-human-rights/index.html